in today's video guys I'm going to show
you how you can actually get super low
input delay like your favorite fortnite
PR we're going to be utilizing a custom
tool which I made myself which you can
by the way get for absolutely free on
discord. g/l dries everything in this
video you can get from there as well or
you could also get it from my official
website guys the link to it is going to
be in the description as well and I'm
going to guide you through everything
which I set up here on my PC in order to
get super low input delay and as well
actually physical steps on your PC case
or better said PC which can also make a
huge difference when it comes down to
latency on your mouse and keyboard so
therefore don't forget to leave a like
And subscribe and let's go and for the
first and most important step guys I
want to mention that the position of
your USB devices on your PC actually
make a huge difference I'm not going to
talk about that you should utilize USB
3.0 instead of 2.0 since it actually
makes zero difference guys the data
transfer of mice and keyboards is so low
that you get identical performance on
either of those but actually what a lot
of people don't know is that you have to
use the red USB controller and in most
PCS there actually multiple ons and and
one of them is better and the second one
is worse so the position exactly where
you plug in your mouse and keyboard is
super important what you want to do is
get yourself the USB device three viewer
which you can also by the way get on my
Discord guys and once the tool is
launched you're going to see that right
now here on the PC where I do it guys
with a ryzen 7 5800 X I have exactly two
USB controllers and actually the first
one on the top is a lot better than the
second one the first one has a lot low
latency so therefore you should actually
plug all your devices in here make sure
that you find the USB rotub it should
also say probably the highest USB which
your mainboard can offer for me R year
3.0 since this is a little bit older DDF
for build and you can see that both of
my devices are plugged into the first
USB controller into the first USB rotub
and this is exactly what you should do
and how you can find this out is kind of
easy actually you just simply have to
let this program run in the background
then PLU your USB maybe into another USB
port go in the file and refresh and then
it's going to tell you where exactly you
put it and then this tool is going to
automatically show show you in which USB
port it's actually plugged in and always
also make sure that you actually plug it
into the first ones guys if you have
multiple USB ports always try to go here
for one two or three but definitely make
sure guys that you utilize the first USB
controller this makes a huge difference
especially on AMD belts guys on Intel it
also does make a difference so therefore
also there you should make sure that you
watch out for the first USB controller
there even PCS with up to three or four
of them read depending on how many USB
ports you have if your case maybe has
built in USB extensions and all that but
definitely make sure that you watch out
for this you guys since this makes a
huge difference how responsive actually
your mouse and keyboard are on your
gaming PC Money Maker Asian Jeff and
many other Pros are also utilizing this
tool which is called J booster which is
allowing them to get super low ping in
fortnite guys you can try it out for
absolutely free with the link in
description even Mero the fncs when is
using it and it helped me to get only 7
milliseconds of latency in fortnite
which is already Improvement of 60% guys
and with the brand new adaptive
intelligent routing guys the J booster
is basically in the background always
going to search for the best best DNS
server while you're gaming ensuring that
you have the least amount of ping you
can try that for absolutely free with
the link in description one of the most
important factors is actually that a lot
of people have way too many processes
running on their windows for me right
now I try to replicate a realistic
scenario where I have around 13 there's
even people with like over 200
processors but for most of you guys it's
definitely going to be well over 100
processes and I'm going to show you
exactly how we can reduce this by a ton
so guys and the first thing which we
basically need is the Chris Titus
Windows utility tool which we can get
from the official website just simply
copy the following comment line and then
we're going to go here into our window
search bar type in that pow shell real
quick right click under Windows
Powershell then just simply run it as an
administrator and paste in the following
code guys then it's going to load for
you the whole entire utility tool which
is going to look exactly like this here
now and what we want to focus around
guys is the tweaks section in here now
we have already recommended selections
which are basically preets with the best
tweaks for your desktop PC a laptop
minimal tweaks or even to revert it
completely again but what we want to
click on is desktop simply and then
additionally to that I would also click
under delete temporary files then we
already done here guys and what we want
to do is Click under run tweaks this
going to run then in the background and
you can see now that it's uninstalling
all of the bloatware which is built into
Windows which are unne tools and all of
that which we simply don't need you can
see our Twix are finished so we can
close it actually and restart our PC
real quick and after then restarting my
PC you can see that my processes went
down to only 85 which is already a lot
better guys I extra took a screenshot
because of course I have streamlabs OBS
which in itself already has over seven
processors then I have my mic tool and
everything I try to really give you a
realistic scenario where I turn off
everything entirely and I'm quite sure
there's even more I could turn off in
order to re go down to something like 60
which is going to make a huge difference
especially on M and PCs but this
definitely something which you should do
guys and the Chris Titus TCH utility is
a super easy tool which you can utilize
for that but now let's continue actually
with the next steps so next up what
we're going to do guys is actually
utilize my own tool which is called
clean cache you can get it as well from
my Discord guys as mention from the
performance pack Channel and what you
got to do is right click onto it and run
it as administrator the tool is pretty
easy to use and I basically turned this
into a hub where you can delete any sort
of temporary data first of all under the
temporary files We have basically temp
you know like the normal casual one
which you probably also clean already on
your PC once in a while or you should
definitely we have prefetch files we
have something like Windows log files
memory dump files and as well Windows
delivery optimization files and D exay
cash and actually for a lot of people
especially if they maybe didn't update
their GPU driver for a very long time
cleaning something like a direct ex
Shader cach can be super useful it's
basically temporary data for your GPU so
it knows what to load specifically in
fortnite but these data are sometimes
corrupted actually causing stutter it's
going to take actually for your fortnite
one or two games to actually again
rebuild these but then afterwards it
should run way smoother so therefore
what are we going to do in the first
place is actually clean the entire
temporary data here of my PC just like
that with actually putting the number
you know the equalent one and then it
did it already then I'm also actually
going to clean your prefetch files real
quick from my PC as well and then we're
going to do the Shader cache so shed
cach is also now completely actually
deleted and then we can actually exit
the tool as mentioned this is a really
handy one in my opinion and you can
definitely just simply leave it on your
desktop for once in a while whenever you
feel like hey I want to clean up my PC
it feels a little bit laggier you know
it's not as Snappy as it was so
therefore just simply maybe keep it on
your desktop somewhere around like I do
and then you're already good to go again
guys keep in mind you now cleaned
actually your D ex Shader cach so for
the first one two three games the game
might actually load a little bit longer
textures are going to need a little bit
longer but then afterwards you kind of
have something like a clean copy like
the first time when you loaded up
fortnite on your PC you know it also
took like one two games to actually be
fully optimized and then afterwards it's
running again super smooth so guys and
I'm of course also going to cover the
best in-game settings to REM make sure
that you have the least amount of input
delay by the way if you want a free bu
or 1 V one I can highly recommend you my
lowend 1 V one map it literally has the
least amount of input delay out of all 1
V one maps and it still looks pretty
decent you have all of the weapons which
you need shield and everything so
therefore check it out but yeah for the
actual settings themselves guys I want
to showcase you real quick that I'm of
course here playing right now on my
Nvidia card on the performance mode this
is super important guys on Nvidia and
Intel you should definitely utilize
performance mode but on the other hand
if you're on an AMD card or AMD
integrated Graphics where I also see a
lot of people playing on these make sure
that you actually utilize dx2 for the
rest guys of course traton UPS set to 7
this just like a cosmetical thing but
yeah for the rest of these settings you
also want to make sure that you put
everything as low as possible and what I
also recommend a ton of people if they
maybe don't want to utilize actually a
stretch resolution is to put your 3D R
to anything lower than 100% like even
like 90 is still super playable and
looks really really good like you guys
can definitely see I have literally like
zero delay here right now well free
building and yeah it's just simply
really really smooth so therefore as
mentioned these are the best ingame
settings for literally zero input delay
and with that said I hope you enjoyed
the video don't forget to leave a like
And subscribe guys and also make sure to
check out the two videos which are right
new on screen as well